Team D Code of Conduct: Be patient and courteous.
Be considerate. We all depend on each other to produce the best work we can as a team. Our decisions will affect each other and our desired outcomes, and we should take those consequences into account when making decisions.
Be inclusive. Team D welcome and support people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes but is not limited to members of any sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, social and economic class, educational level, colour, immigration status, sex, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
Be respectful. Team D will not all agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for disrespectful behaviour. We will all experience frustration from time to time, but we cannot allow that frustration to become personal attacks. An environment where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive or creative one.
Choose words carefully. We will always conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Harassment and exclusionary behaviour are not acceptable. This includes but is not limited to: Threats of violence. Discriminatory jokes and language.  Sharing sexually explicit or violent material via electronic devices or other means. Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms. Unwelcome sexual attention. Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviour.
Do not harass others. In general, if someone asks a fellow team member to stop something, then that person should stop. When we disagree, we need try to understand why. Differences of opinion and disagreements are mostly unavoidable. What is important is that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively.
Our differences can be our strengths. We can find strength in diversity. Different people have different perspectives on issues, and that can be valuable for solving problems or generating new ideas. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint does not mean that they are wrong. Do not forget that we all make mistakes and blaming each other does not get us anywhere. Instead, we will focus on resolving issues and learning from our mistakes.
